serious question has anybody summon
red-eyes flair metal dragon and not used
a whole lot of resources to do it in a
red eyes deck I'm just brainstorming it
now for you to have two level 7s on the
field that takes a lot of work this is a
card yet again X Nami has made where it
looks like a red eyes in it it smells
like a red eyes but you're not gonna
mainly see this in a red eyes deck maybe
this is just me but the main way I've
seen this card summon is in the magician
deck you know without eyes did you got
stupid shit there's a bunch of fucking
level sevens but that's it have you
really even some in this card and I
realize that without going through hoops
and hurdles as if this is the fucking
Olympics I suppose it's also a good
thing that the dragon rulers are banned
because you would be seeing this card a
whole lot more but then it kind of sort
of sucks because of all the cars that go
up in price this one is one of the
cheapest cannot be destroyed but card
effects while it has a C's material when
isn't this motherfucking will have
exceeds material while this court has a
C's material when in the fuck will this
card not have achieve the turn each time
your opponent activates a card or effect
inflict 500 amateur your opponent
immediately after it resolves once
returned or neither players turn you
would attach one material from this card
entirely one red-eyes normal monster has
anybody ever ever ever ever did that
these two effects they don't make sense
being on the same fucking card most of
the time you see this card and non red
eyes decks and obviously if it's not in
a red eyes deck there's not gonna be a
normal red eyes in the graveyard so it's
gonna always have material and it's
never getting destroyed but card effects
cuz it's always going to have material
because it's not played in the red eyes
deck with me watching people play and me
playing a little bit
I never ever wanted to summon this thing
even if I could summon it that'd be like
way too much that's just me so I'd like
to thank y'all for watching if you would
like to help support me all you really
have to do it's been literally seconds
out today and clicking advertisement
that's all I really asked some people
will been like me enough to want to help
support I'm grateful
thank you very much in advance it is
very much appreciated
have you ever summer no red eyes flaring
metal dragging and revived the fucking
red eyes it's kind of soared over at
Oracle question